If you look at their faces, you can see that there are many countries that have given them good values.
The first is the United States and the Soviet Union.
These countries have fought against each other and have used their 12th division.
The Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against the Soviet Union.
The Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against
Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union has been fighting against Poland and the Soviet Union
I think we should not hesitate to say that the power of the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country that has been promised will come over the country
Today, we are wondering if we can be at peace with the wind
The wind seems to be blowing the world in a fair way
We think that it is a good thing that only those who are ready to use it can be happy
We think that these two countries will be a strong brother in the course of the European war
I think that's all for today